


1. Out of processes strategy. Get cfexecd to remember processes
   which might be killed, as well as highest process number
   Put policy into cfagent.conf and save after each run a list
   of potential candidates. or processes which should not be harmed. 

   If any process has more than XX instances, killl that?


5. What about remembering the stable core of processes, regardless
   of who owns them? i.e. like pH og cfenvd on the ps table?? Then
   kill the least permanent ones.

7. SNMP CLI module

9. Rewrite ifconfig stuff
    - routing sockets
    - find out the configured IP address for DHCP clients
    - what happens on multi-homed hosts

10: way of escaping list separator in strings

splint *.c +unixlib

with cutting out header files - non parsable..
splint -weak client.c +unixlib

Copy does not copy an empty directory?


Make cfport number configurable?


----
That would be very, very nice indeed!
<he says, wiping drool off the keyboard>

mark@iu.hio.no wrote:

>Perhaps an alert function that sends directly to syslog could
>be added. Other types of alerts could be generated too, e.g.
>SNMP traps.
>
----

Looks like Mark is feeling exceptionally benevolent today :-)  

Here is a short wish list of small features for 2.1 (or some future 
release) that, while not necessarily enhancing the scope or 
functionality of Cfengine in any large way, would be very welcome and 
eliminate some of the "glue" scripts that I (and no doubt many others) 
use to integrate Cfengine into their environment.

In ascending order of implementation (by my estimate, which may be way off):

1) A control: option that allows selection of the syslog facility 
CFEngine uses, allowing administrators to (for instance) send all 
cfengine messages to a localN facility.  (I already have [locally] a 
crude compile-time patch for this, email me if you want it.)

2) Corresponding negatives/positives for the various WarnIf and 
BeginGroup edittools.  This would reduce the kludgery sometimes needed 
to Do The Right Thing.

3) Add options to the alert: functionality to control the medium by 
which the alert is sent, eg syslog, stderr, pipe into a command, etc.   
As mentioned below, SNMP would be very attractive although a little more 
work to implement.


#3 and #4 above would involve more cranking on cfengine than I feel 
brave enough to do, but I'd be happy to work on the first two if there 
is interest from the list and/or Mark wants a patch for 'em.


It seems that variable substitution isn't happening in Setline and AppendIfNoLineMatching 
strings.


